All righty, so we have circle and shape
taken care of.
Let's go ahead and create a new file for our driver.
And so, in our driver, we're going to kind of pull things
all together here by creating an instance of shape
and also creating an instance of circle
and just culling some of the methods.
So the first thing I'll do up top is I'll just do an import
on shape and also an import on circle.
And now, I'll go ahead and create an instance of shape.
So I'll create a new shape, x, y.
And then I'll just simply do a console.log
on myShape.getInfo.
And then I'll do a similar thing here for circle.
So, myCircle equals new Circle.
Pass in the x, y, comma the radius.
And then I do a console.log on myCircle.getInfo.
Okay, this looks good.
So let's go ahead and open up a new terminal window.
And I'll move into that directory, 05-inheritance/.
And the one thing I want to do is create
a typescript config file, so that tsconfig.json.
And so, remember, I can create this by using tsc--init
so it'll create that .json file for me.
I can open this file and the one entry I want to add here
is I want to add the entry here for noEmitOnError.
So, if there's a compilation error, don't generate code.
(laughs)
All right, so that's in place and we are a-okay
with the tsconfig.json.
So now I can move back into my terminal window,
do a compile.
So that compiles just fine.
No errors.
And now I can run the driver application.
And then we get the desired output here.
This is all from the driver here.
So, the first line is for myShape.
And then the second line is for myCircle.
Simply culling those getInfo methods on those given shapes.
All right, this looks great.
So, we have inheritance working with typescript.
In the next video, we're going to add some more features
to this given project.